MTM-64802 Measurement series aggregation interval (#3845)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/cumulocity-2025-357-0-measurement-series-aggregation-interval.md

---
date: ''

> title: New parameter interval added to measurement series endpoint

Reviewer: Aggregation Interval granularity enhanced

Author: changed

change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
product_area: Platform services
component:
  - value: component-JlFdtOPva
    label: REST API
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-QHwMfWtBk7
    label: cumulocity
ticket: MTM-64802
version: 2025.357.0
---

> A new query parameter `interval` has been added to the measurement series endpoint. This parameter allows users

Reviewer: The measurement series endpoint has been enhanced, please note there is no impact to the behaviour of applications currently using this endpoint.  We have introduced a new query parameter 'interval' which allows users to specify ...

Author: changed

to specify the aggregation interval for the returned measurement series data in a more flexible manner

> than using the existing `aggregationType` parameter. The new parameter allows to specify custom time intervals

Reviewer: change 'than using' to 'compared with the existing 'aggregationType' parameter.   The new parameter allows the specification of custom time intervals ...'

Author: changed

> like `300s`, `25m`, `12h`, `7d`, etc. The format of the parameter is an integer followed by a time unit,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
like `300s`, `25m`, `12h`, `7d`, and so on. The format of the parameter is an integer followed by a time unit,
```

> where the supported time units are: `s` (seconds), `m` (minutes), `h` (hours), `d` (days), `w` (weeks), `M` (months),

Reviewer 2: Is this really a capital "M"? All other time units are spelled in small letters.

Author: Yes, because we have `m` for minutes and `M` for months. That's quite common everywhere where a date-time expression needs to be parsed.

`q` (quarters) and `y` (years). The integer value must be a positive number without leading zeros.

The new `interval` parameter is preferred over the existing `aggregationType` parameter. When both are provided in a request
only the `interval` parameter will be considered and the `aggregationType` parameter will be ignored.

{{< c8y-admon-caution >}}

> Full range of values for the `interval` parameter is only supported for the timeseries persistence of measurements.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The full range of values for the `interval` parameter is only supported for the timeseries persistence of measurements.
```

---
date: ''

> title: Measurement series aggregation interval granularity enhanced

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Enhanced granularity of measurement series aggregation interval 
```

change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
product_area: Platform services
component:
  - value: component-JlFdtOPva
    label: REST API
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-QHwMfWtBk7
    label: cumulocity
ticket: MTM-64802
version: 2025.357.0
---

> The measurement series endpoint has been enhanced, please note there is no impact to the behaviour of applications

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The measurement series endpoint has been enhanced. Note that there is no impact on the behaviour of applications
```

> currently using this endpoint. We have introduced a new query parameter `aggregationInterval` which allows users to specify

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
currently using this endpoint. 

We have introduced a new query parameter `aggregationInterval` which allows users to specify
```
